---
toc: true
layout: post
description: Going beyond the pandemic fears & uncertainities
categories: [decision]
title: Restoring confidence
---

# Restoring confidence

## About 

A memoir is a non-fictional, first personal written account of events and memories from the author's real life. I believe that readers should learn something from it.

This memoir reflects how an uncertain, unexpected calamity affected me in career, financial and mental aspects.

## Lockdown, Travel and Masters

It has been an year since I got my EMLCT Masters Admit with a full-ride scholarship. Due to COVID-19, there was a blanket ban on international travel for the most part. In August 2020, India started allowing students to travel internationally. In my case, I had to travel to Delhi (Country's capital -> 1500Kms away) without an appointment and get PCC & medical certificates within a short span of 1 month. And this is also the time where India started moving towards its COVID infection peak. To not force myself in these conditions, I gave up and deferred my program to 2021.

## Diffidence

Losing confidence -> Diffidence

<!-- Had a tough time dealing with toxicity & incompetence at work. -->

I continued working with the same company, retiring to a mediocre job. Work during the pandemic was emotionally unbearable. December was my lowest point. The room constantly reminded me of all the uncertainities and didn't allow me sleep. My sleep duration was deprecating. The daily average was around 3-4 hours. It drove me insane. To stop obsessing myself from work, I started taking piano lessons too. 

However, my mind visually mapped my room to work. So, this made my mind to not stop thinking about work even at nights.

{% include info.html text="If possible, try to separate your work-place from bedroom." %}

## Work while traveling

The anxiety, frustration came to a point where I started hating my room. I didn't want to stay there. Travelling looked like a good option for me. It came with 2 benefits. Dissociating self from the room and not obsessing about work. (Had to worry about Travel strategies, meeting strangers, etc). Within 2 hours of this thought, I travelled to Gokarna.

Time in Gokarna was great. Work was simply reduced to a routine that pay us monthly to lead a __life__. Infact, the time in Gokarna was so great that I drafted a letter to every individual I met.

## Drudgery returned

I was curiosly waiting for the revised Masters letters to resign from the job. I was counting days on when to quit. 

## The Present

However, things are not looking great __again__. India is currently experiencing a 2nd wave what I'd call a shock wave, leaving no family untouched with grief.
