---
toc: true
layout: post
description: A Thank you letter
categories: [lub]
title: To my calmness and Sereneity!
permalink: yalla
hide: false
---

# About

My unorganized thoughts on a goodbye message.

I still can't keep in words how good the last few days were. I don't think it's just the city. For example, it is the difference between

- Calling it a piece of text __OR__ bible/quran, etc.
- Calling it a stone __OR__ idol.
- Calling it a random sound __OR__ melody.

Although the tune is amazing, it is the lyrics that bring beauty to the tune. Similarly, although your city has good architecture and places, it is the conversations & smiles that brought beauty to the experience. Thank you for making it happen.

## Associative memories

- If you ever login into Netflix in your personal laptop, it may remind you of us watching the movie.
- If you ever sit on the same bench in Hals, it may remind you of us holding hands, secretly from your friend.
- If someone is pulling the chair you're sitting on, it may remind you of me.
- If you ever say "Interesting!" in a boring conversation, it may remind you of me.
- There's bread and hummus on the table. Eat/dump them. Otherwise, they'll remind you of me.
- There's fish and prawns in the fridge. Fry them. Otherwise, they'll remind you of me.

## Random thoughts

- Two character traits that helped me in this trip are:
    1. 1 minute of courage is all that matters - Me asking you out.
    2. Patience pays off - On the first night, I was clueless. I thought to myself "Is this a joke? Am I being pranked? If this is how it is, should I take the first train tomorrow?". However, sleep fixes everything. It gave me a perspective on your decision. And ofcourse, with time, everything got better.


## About today morning

At this point, I believe I know you a bit better. I fairly guessed 
- your decision about showing up.
- the time at which you'd reply me in the morning.
- and a lot more...

Or they can be pure coincidences. I understand where those actions are coming from. We must do what makes us comfortable.

## What do I think? (TODO)

I believe there's no ambiguity from my side. It is evident that every action I took delineated my interest on you. 

TODO: About the risk, reward"Dead Poet's society" & "Queen Sharma ji reference".

As of now, with limited food, I'm out of words. I will fill the remaining later.

<!-- I am not a saint to give you advice. Even if I do or for that matter, if anyone does, remember to not take it seriously. No one is designed the same way. I observed that you have a more liberal view of the world (and it accentuates my liking for you). This liberal view may/may not reflect in the people you grew up with (Siblings/friends, etc.). -->
